# CS4980 Topics in Computer Science II: Research and Development of Accessible Computing Technologies
# Final project - Improving YouTube auto-generated captions

YouTube is an amazing place for people to learn new things and be entertained. There is an endless supply of content, which is great, but with this amount of content brings problems. Specifically, YouTube has some problems with its closed captioning. Content creators are given the option to either type their own captions, or have YouTube auto-generate them. Unsurprisingly, most content creators choose the latter. YouTube’s auto-captioning tool works really well most of the time, but has major issues identifying pause breaks, so there are never any periods in the text. Basically, it posts the whole transcript as one really long sentence that goes on for the entire time someone is talking. Additionally, YouTube will sometimes identify the wrong word which was spoken. For example, the content creator could say “of his” during the video, but YouTube might think they said “office”. These mistakes can be very confusing in certain situations. Having improper punctuation and phrases makes following along with YouTube videos much more challenging than it should be for people who use the caption feature. Overall, our motivation for this project is to give people who use YouTube captions an easier to follow, less annoying way to take in YouTube videos because we believe everyone should have equal access to the benefits that can come from these videos
